docs: add read-only connection configuration guide (#583)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/get-started/configure-workspace/add-an-instance.md

## Add an instance

1. Click **Instances** on the top bar.
1. Click **Add Instance**.
1. Enter **Instance name**, select **Environment**, enter **Host or Socket** and **Port**.
1. Enter connection info: **Username** and **Password**, and click **Test Connection**.

> 2. Choose one instance, scroll down and see all the databases for that instance. You can click **Sync now** to synchronize its databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose one instance, scroll down and see all the databases for that instance. You can click **Sync now** to synchronize its databases.
```

![create-an-instance](/docs/get-started/configure-workspace/add-an-instance/add-an-instance.webp)

<hint-block type="info">

1. Environment can not be changed once the Instance has been created.
1. The screenshot assumes you run Bytebase inside Docker and try to connect to a database instance on the same host. Thus it uses `host.docker.internal`. If Bytebase is not running inside Docker, you should supply the normal `127.0.0.1` to connect the instance on the same host [(detailed explanation)](https://stackoverflow.com/a/24326540/235983).

</hint-block>

After adding an instance and syncing the schema, click **Databases** on the navigation bar. You can find the table is still empty. It’s because you haven’t created any project yet. In Bytebase, only databases belong to a user project will show up on the Databases page.

## Configure read-only connection

> To separate from admin connection, you can configure a read-only connection used by SQL Editor once an instance is added. This separation can be configured at the level of role access control level or replication instance level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To separate from admin connection, you can configure a read-only connection used by SQL Editor once an instance is added. This separation can be configured at the database user/role access control level or replication instance level.
```
